Update migration docs to work for Hosted (#2369)
astronomer/docs: astro/migrate-gcc.mdx

2. Open your Astro project `requirements.txt` file and add all Python packages that you installed in your source Airflow environment. See [Google documentation](https://cloud.google.com/composer/docs/composer-2/install-python-dependencies#view-custom) for how to view a list of Python packages in your source Airflow environment. 

3. Open your Astro project `dags` folder. Copy your DAG files to `dags` from either your source control platform or GCS Bucket.

4. If you used the [`plugins` folder](https://cloud.google.com/composer/docs/concepts/cloud-storage#folders_in_the_bucket) in your Cloud Composer storage bucket, copy the contents of this folder from your source control platform or GCS Bucket to your Astro project `/plugins` folder.

5. If you used the [`data` folder](https://cloud.google.com/composer/docs/concepts/cloud-storage#data) in Cloud Composer, copy the contents of that folder from your source control platform or GCS Bucket to your Astro project `include` folder.

</TabItem>

> <TabItem value="gcloud">

Author: Hm, I don't think that's necessary for migration. Those credentials are for running Airflow locally, but we don't have that as a step in this migration

    ```shell
    gcloud composer environments describe <your-gcc-project-name> --format="value(config.softwareConfig.pypiPackages)" > requirements.txt
    ```  

    Review the output in `requirements.txt` after running this command to ensure that all packages were imported on their own line of text. 

3. Run the following command to copy your DAGs from Cloud Composer to your `dags` folder:

    ```sh
    gcloud composer environments storage dags export --destination=dags
    ```

    Review your DAG files in `dags` after running this command to ensure that all DAGs were successfully exported. 

4. If you utilized the [`plugins` folder](https://cloud.google.com/composer/docs/concepts/cloud-storage#folders_in_the_bucket) in your Cloud Composer storage bucket, run the following command to copy your `plugins` folder contents to your Astro project:

    ```sh
    gcloud composer environments storage plugins export --destination=plugins
    ```  

    Review the contents of your Astro project `plugins` folder to ensure that all files were successfully exported. 

> 5. If you utilized the [`data` folder](https://cloud.google.com/composer/docs/concepts/cloud-storage#data) in Cloud Composer, run the following command to copy your `data` folder contents to your Astro project:

Author: I'd rather have everything captured in a step, even if that means a little bit longer of a doc. It can be easy for users to skip info if it's in a table rather than a process

2. Open your Astro project `requirements.txt` file and add all Python packages that you installed in your source Airflow environment. See [Google documentation](https://cloud.google.com/composer/docs/composer-2/install-python-dependencies#view-custom) for how to view a list of Python packages in your source Airflow environment. 

3. Open your Astro project `dags` folder. Copy your DAG files to `dags` from either your source control platform or GCS Bucket.

> 4. If you utilized the [`plugins` folder](https://cloud.google.com/composer/docs/concepts/cloud-storage#folders_in_the_bucket) in your Cloud Composer storage bucket, copy the contents of this folder from your source control platform or GCS Bucket to your Astro project `/plugins` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If you used the [`plugins` folder](https://cloud.google.com/composer/docs/concepts/cloud-storage#folders_in_the_bucket) in your Cloud Composer storage bucket, copy the contents of this folder from your source control platform or GCS Bucket to your Astro project `/plugins` folder.
```

> 5. If you utilized the [`data` folder](https://cloud.google.com/composer/docs/concepts/cloud-storage#data) in Cloud Composer, copy the contents of that folder from your source control platform or GCS Bucket to your Astro project `include` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If you used the [`data` folder](https://cloud.google.com/composer/docs/concepts/cloud-storage#data) in Cloud Composer, copy the contents of that folder from your source control platform or GCS Bucket to your Astro project `include` folder.
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="gcloud">

1. Open your Astro project Dockerfile. Update the Runtime version in first line to the version you selected for your Deployment in [Step 3](#step-3-create-astro-deployment). For example, if your Runtime version was 6.3.0, your Dockerfile would look like the following:

    ```Dockerfile
    FROM quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:6.3.0
    ```

>     The `Dockerfile` defines environment that all your Airflow components run in. You can modify it to make certain resources available to your Airflow environment like certificates or keys. For this migration, you only need to update your Runtime version. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `Dockerfile` defines the environment where all your Airflow components run. You can modify it to make certain resources available to your Airflow environment, like certificates or keys. For this migration, you only need to update your Runtime version. 
```

    ```shell
    gcloud composer environments describe <your-gcc-project-name> --format="value(config.softwareConfig.pypiPackages)" > requirements.txt
    ```  

    Review the output in `requirements.txt` after running this command to ensure that all packages were imported on their own line of text. 

3. Run the following command to copy your DAGs from Cloud Composer to your `dags` folder:

    ```sh
    gcloud composer environments storage dags export --destination=dags
    ```

    Review your DAG files in `dags` after running this command to ensure that all DAGs were successfully exported. 

4. If you utilized the [`plugins` folder](https://cloud.google.com/composer/docs/concepts/cloud-storage#folders_in_the_bucket) in your Cloud Composer storage bucket, run the following command to copy your `plugins` folder contents to your Astro project:

    ```sh
    gcloud composer environments storage plugins export --destination=plugins
    ```  

    Review the contents of your Astro project `plugins` folder to ensure that all files were successfully exported. 

> 5. If you utilized the [`data` folder](https://cloud.google.com/composer/docs/concepts/cloud-storage#data) in Cloud Composer, run the following command to copy your `data` folder contents to your Astro project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If you used the [`data` folder](https://cloud.google.com/composer/docs/concepts/cloud-storage#data) in Cloud Composer, run the following command to copy your `data` folder contents to your Astro project:
```
